and a temporary ceasefire in Gaza has
been extended for another two days as
more hostages were released last night
American officials say a further 20
Israelis are expected to be released as
part of the continued truce with Hamas
designated as a terrorist group in the
UK with the latest here's our Middle
East correspondent Hugo
Bea the flight back to Freedom 11
hostages returned to Israel last night
after more than 50 days in Hamas capital
ity they included the three-year-old
twins Emma and Uli they were captured
with other relatives when Hamas set fire
to their home they were freed with their
mother shut on but their father is
believed to remain in Gaza also released
were brother and sister Ares and Sahar
Calderon their relatives spoke about his
relief as he waited to see them again
I'm finding that it's difficult to go
from a state of endless anxiety about
their fate to to a state of relief and
joy I believe it will take time this is
an exciting and heart feeling moment but
we also understand that is the beginning
of a difficult Rehabilitation process
for S and Aras who are still young and
have been through an unbearable
experience the choose between Israel and
Hamas allow the return of dozens of
hostages but dozens more are still in
captivity over 150 of our hostages men
women children babies who's taking care
of them who is holding a 10 months old
baby kir bivas I'll tell you ruthless
terrorists are holding him hostage in
Gaza we call on the international
organization especially the Red Cross to
use every tool at their disposal to gain
access to our hostages to make sure
they're receiving the medical care they
need in return 33 Palestinians were
released from Israeli jails this is the
moment 17-year-old Muhammad Abul alus
reunited with his family in East
Jerusalem a two-day extension to the
temporary ceasefire has been announced
by Kat the US says Hamas has committed
to releasing another 20 hostages women
and children
in Gaza the truce has allowed much
needed Aid to be delivered as a
humanitarian crisis continues Israel's
prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu says
the war against Hamas isn't over this is
likely to bring even more suffering for
Palestinians in Gaza Hugo basa BBC News
Jerusalem wel you speak life to Hugo now
on breakfast and Hugo so a two-day
extension to this truth now but what
else has to happen for that to be
extended
further yeah John that's a very good
question and I think the Biden
Administration that has been heavily
involved in these negotiations uh they
uh want this deal to be extended again
because they say that they want to see
everybody released we're talking about
170 hostages around 170 people who
remain in captivity in Gaza and I think
Hamas is saying that they're not holding
all those people so this could be uh an
obstacle in in guaranteeing the release
of all these captives and the youngest
hostage is a 10mon old baby so uh today
uh we're expecting to see 10 hostages
being released uh overnight the office
of the Israeli Prime Minister confirmed
that they had received a list uh with
the names of those people expected to be
released later today and for every
Israeli hostage freed three pois are
going to be released from Israeli jails
now obviously the extension of this
truth means that more Aid is getting
into Gaza uh the UN Chief Antonio garish
welcomed uh this announcement yesterday
he described it as a glimmer of hope and
Humanity but he also said he wasn't
enough okay for now Hugo thank you very
much